[usage] improve docs on playbooks (#225)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/usage/automation.md

![Create a new playbook](assets/playbook_create.png)

The first step to define in the playbook is your event source.

> To do so, click on the grey rectangle in the center of the workspace and select the right component.

Author: ```suggestion
To do so, click on the grey rectangle in the center of the workspace and select the input component that suits your needs.
```

![Choose input component](assets/playbook_input.png)

### Listen knowledge events

> With this event source, the playbook will be triggered on any knowledge event (create, update or delete) with customizable filters.

Author: ```suggestion
With this event source, the playbook will be triggered on any knowledge event (create, update or delete) that matches the selected filters.
```

> You can use same filters as in other part of the platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that you are limited to a subset of filters, available for stream events that contain STIX data objects.
```

Will filter out any entities in the current stage that do not match the filter conditions in the stage. If the original triggering entity is a container, such as a report or case, then the container itself cannot be filtered out, and will be passed to subsequent stages.

## Enroll manually an entity into a playbook

You can enroll individual entities in playbooks by using the action "Enroll in playbook" from the entity details view.

![Enroll entity in playbook](assets/playbook_enroll_entity.png)

This will open a drawer where you can choose the playbook you want to trigger on this entity.

![Enroll entity in playbook](assets/playbook_enroll_select.png)

In this list, you will find:

* active playbooks that have set an "Available for manual enrollment / trigger" event source

> * active playbooks with "Listen knowledge events" event source which filters match the entity

Author: I need a validation of this part.

The filters set in the "Available for manual enrollment / trigger" event source are not used ?
